feat: Add ID-based model chunking (#10363)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/models/model.rst

.. literalinclude:: model/064.php

chunkById()
-----------

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

If you need to update or delete rows while processing them, use ``chunkById()``.
This method retrieves each chunk ordered by the model's primary key instead of using an offset,
so deleting or updating rows already processed will not cause later rows to be skipped.

.. literalinclude:: model/069.php

chunkRowsById()
---------------

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

If you want the entire ID-based chunk to be passed to the Closure at once, use ``chunkRowsById()``.

.. literalinclude:: model/070.php

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a note here (or right before we start describing the methods)
```rst
.. note:: The ``chunk()``, ``chunkRows()``, ``chunkById()``, and ``chunkRowsById()`` methods do not trigger Model callbacks.
```

Author: Added, thanks!

.. warning:: ID-based chunking needs the model to define a primary key, and that primary key must be selected.
    If you customize the selected columns, make sure the primary key is included.

>     When joining tables, make sure the model table primary key remains available under its normal field name.

Reviewer: Let's warn about the risks that joins can introduce.

```suggestion
    When using joins, the model primary key must remain available under its normal field name
    and its value must be unique in the result set. Otherwise, rows may be skipped.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

.. literalinclude:: model/064.php

chunkById()
-----------

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

If you need to update or delete rows while processing them, use ``chunkById()``.
This method retrieves each chunk ordered by the model's primary key instead of using an offset,
so deleting or updating rows already processed will not cause later rows to be skipped.

.. literalinclude:: model/069.php

chunkRowsById()
---------------

.. versionadded:: 4.8.0

If you want the entire ID-based chunk to be passed to the Closure at once, use ``chunkRowsById()``.

> .. literalinclude:: model/070.php

Reviewer: Seems like the example file names should be updated. Now it should be `070.php` and `071.php`.

Author: Updated, thanks!
